feat: set useSemicolonDefault default option to false (#5320)
fastify/fastify: docs/Guides/Migration-Guide-V5.md

# V5 Migration Guide

This guide is intended to help with migration from Fastify v4 to v5.

Before migrating to v5, please ensure that you have fixed all deprecation
warnings from v4. All v4 deprecations have been removed and they will no longer
work after upgrading.

## Breaking Changes

### `useSemicolonDelimiter` false by default

Starting with v5, every Fastify instance will not support the use of semicolon

> delimiter by default. You can revert this behavior by setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
delimiter by default in querystrings. You can revert this behavior by setting
```

# V5 Migration Guide

This guide is intended to help with migration from Fastify v4 to v5.

Before migrating to v5, please ensure that you have fixed all deprecation
warnings from v4. All v4 deprecations have been removed and they will no longer
work after upgrading.

## Breaking Changes

### `useSemicolonDelimiter` false by default

> Starting with v5, every Fastify instance will not support the use of semicolon
> delimiter by default in querystring. The behavior in v4 and eariler versions is
> non standard behavior and this change should have no effect on the standard
> implementation of Fastify. You can revert this behavior by setting
> `useSemicolonDelimiter: true` in the server options.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Beginning with version 5, Fastify instances will no longer utilize semicolons as delimiters when parsing querystrings by default. This decision was made due to the non-standard nature of semicolon delimiters, which are not supported by widely used querystring parsers like the built-in querystring package in Node.js.

However, if you still wish to use semicolons as delimiters, you can do so by setting the useSemicolonDelimiter option to true in the server configuration.
```

Reviewer 2: Before you merge, @Fdawgs  and @jsumners you ok with the rephrasing?

Reviewer 3: @Uzlopak i can take a look tomorrow

Reviewer 2: @jsumners 
thanks bro :)
